Gesso 2.x (#2)
forumone/docker-f1ux: README.md

# Images for Gesso 2.x, Gesso 1.x, F1UX, and F1Omega (Experimental)

## About

> This repo builds multiple images for older ForumOne themes. We provide builds for Gesso 2.x and the pre-`node-sass` themes (Gesso 1.x, f1ux, f1omega, and so on). Images are broken down by the available Node, PHP, and Ruby versions installed - this is done in case there are version compatibility issues with software.

Reviewer: ~ForumOne~ Forum One
```suggestion
This repo builds multiple images for older Forum One themes. We provide builds for Gesso 2.x and the pre-`node-sass` themes (Gesso 1.x, f1ux, f1omega, and so on). Images are broken down by the available Node, PHP, and Ruby versions installed - this is done in case there are version compatibility issues with software.
```
